The act of design, trying to convey a
feeling, [music]
only humans can do that.
Claude is a a great partner to power
[music] Figma make because every single
person who has taste can just enact
[music] it all that easier.
We should spend a ton of time at Figma
figuring out how to effectively
translate what you have on the canvas to
pixel perfect [music] code that you can
just start from. The more that we've
worked with Claude in particular, like
clearly just seems [music] to know code
better than most of the models and
produces code that we think developers
would actually want to write. Claude is
such a evidently good coding model. I
don't code.
One of the best innovations of the past
[music] couple years is that I really
don't have to in order to create the
things I want to do.
You'll be able to do things now with
Claude that would have otherwise [music]
taken you a lot of time, a lot of
energy, and I'm really, really excited
actually to see all of the new ideas
that people are able to produce with
Figma make.
Design is going [music] to be
a much more accessible practice for
people. I think I'm most excited about
any tools that we can create to help
[music] folks get to the end products
like not just faster, but with higher
quality, like get more ideas out, do
more explorations, [music]
and end up at the results that they want
to end up with.
>> [music]